# Question 3

## What are the limitations of Sele2Personalitys technology - if any?

There are some limitations when it comes to personality test. One of the limitations are how the data has been collected. In other words the researcher can't go back after the collected the data. The big limitation of the algorithm is limited by old portraits that constrains the validation (L, Safra, C, Chevallier, J,Grèzes & N, Baumard, 2020).

An other problem is that they have only used pictures of convicted criminals. This give the algorithm the possibility to predict a person thet any of the jury would pick (X, Wu & X, Zhang, 2016).


##  Selfe2Personality share the social media accounts and a psychological profile of users from the city metropolitan area who fit the political stance (as predicted from their app) that law-enforcement found to be sympathetic to the protests. Are there any ethical and privacy concerns with this collaboration and how may they manifest?

An ethical problem with algorithm training is get the algorithm to understand what's a acceptable an non-acceptable output, when training on a dataset of different criminal faces. An other problem is that the non-criminal pictures have been posted on the company website before (X, Wu & X, Zhang, 2016). 





## references

X, Wu & X, Zhang (2016). Case Study - Criminal machine learning. Criminal machine learning. 

X, Wu & X, Zhang (2016). Automated Inference on Criminality using Face Images. 

L, Safra, C, Chevallier, J,Grèzes & N, Baumard. (2020). Tracking historical changes in  rustworthiness using machine learning analyses of facial cues in paintings. https://www.nature.com/articles/s41467-020-18566-7
